install a particular operator version (#32)
operator-framework/olm-docs: content/en/docs/Tasks/install-operator-with-olm.md

<name-of-your-operator>      1/1     1            1           9m48s
```

If the ClusterServiceVersion fails to show up or does not reach the `Succeeded` phase, please check the [troubleshooting documentation](/docs/tasks/troubleshooting/clusterserviceversion/) to debug your installation.

## Example: Install a specific version of an Operator

If you want to install a particular version of your Operator, specify the `startingCSV` property in your `Subscription` like so:

```yaml
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: sub-to-my-operator
  namespace: foo
spec:
  channel: stable
  name: my-operator
  source: my-catalog
  sourceNamespace: olm
  approval: Manual
  startingCSV: 1.1.0
```

> Notice that `approval` has been set to `Manual` as well in order to keep OLM from immediately updating your Operator, if `1.1.0` happens to be superseded by a newer version in `my-catalog`. Follow the instructions from the previous paragraph to approve the initial `InstallPlan` for this `Subscription`, so `1.1.0` is allowed to be installed.

Reviewer: Could you link to the exact section you're talking about here? 

```suggestion
Notice that `approval` has been set to `Manual` as well in order to keep OLM from immediately updating your Operator, if `1.1.0` happens to be superseded by a newer version in `my-catalog`. Follow the instructions from the [previous example](#example:-install-the-latest-version-of-an-operator) to approve the initial `InstallPlan` for this `Subscription`, so `1.1.0` is allowed to be installed.
```

> Notice that `approval` has been set to `Manual` as well in order to keep OLM from immediately updating your Operator, if `1.1.0` happens to be superseded by a newer version in `my-catalog`. Follow the instructions from the [previous example](#example:-install-the-latest-version-of-an-operator) to approve the initial `InstallPlan` for this `Subscription`, so `1.1.0` is allowed to be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that `approval` has been set to `Manual` as well in order to keep OLM from immediately updating your Operator, if `1.1.0` happens to be superseded by a newer version in `my-catalog`. Follow the instructions from the [previous example](#example:-install-the-latest-version-of-an-operator) to approve the initial `InstallPlan` for this `Subscription`, so `1.1.0` is allowed to be installed.
```
```suggestion
Notice that `approval` has been set to `Manual` as well in order to keep OLM from immediately updating your Operator, if `1.1.0` happens to be superseded by a newer version in `my-catalog`. Follow the instructions from the [previous example](#example-install-the-latest-version-of-an-operator) to approve the initial `InstallPlan` for this `Subscription`, so `1.1.0` is allowed to be installed.
```
